NMS-13759: Split asset topology provider docs (#3997)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/topology/asset-topology-provider/introduction.adoc

[[asset-topology]]
= Asset Topology Provider

{page-component-title} lets users define arbitrarily complex layered topologies using http://graphml.graphdrawing.org/[GraphML].

> Refer to the GraphML section of the {page-component-title} developers guide for details of how {page-component-title} interprets GraphML.

Reviewer: We could make this a cross reference:
```suggestion
Refer to xref:development:topology/graphml.adoc#graphml[GraphML] for details of how {page-component-title} interprets GraphML.
```
Note that you will have to add the "graphml" anchor to the graphml.adoc file for the link to work.
